DOC Minor change to changelog regarding PHP 8.3 (#483)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/5.2.0.md

## PHP 8.3 support {#php-83}

> This release includes official support for PHP 8.3 for all supported modules. There were only very minor code changes required to add this support, so your upgrades should be fairly straight forward in that regard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes official support for PHP 8.3 for all supported modules. There were only very minor code changes required to add this support, so your upgrades should be fairly straightforward in that regard.
```

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR's change but since we're touching the line.
